MetricsQL docs: parameter consistency (#915)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/MetricsQL.md

- `step()` function for returning the step in seconds used in the query.
- `start()` and `end()` functions for returning the start and end timestamps of the `[start ... end]` range used in the query.
- `integrate(m[d])` for returning integral over the given duration `d` for the given metric `m`.

> - `ideriv(q)` - for calculating `instant` derivative for `q`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ideriv(m[d])` - for calculating `instant` derivative for the metric `m` over the duration `d`.
```
